

Instructions:

*For not logged in user:
     
     Start with the home page, a not logged in user would be able to search for restaurants, browse the 4 top rated restaurants in the location you choose.
     If you search for a restaurant name, or click on the food catogoies side bar, it would bring you to the search result page. You can always search on restaurants
     based on their locations or food categories there. Each pages has max 3 results, and you can click pager for more results. You can also rank the search results by name, rate and price. 
     Whenever you click on the carousel(promoting part of the home page), or one of the popular restaurants at home page, or one of the restaurants from search result page, it would all bring you to the corresponding restaurant review page. 
     On the review page of the correspoding restaurant, there is a map (using GOOGLE API) shows the location of this restaurant. If you click on the fullscreen view button, it will show you more details.
     As a not logged in user, you can only read other users' reviews and restaurant information here, and you can always search for a restaurant again at this page. 



*For user:
    -username: user
    -password: user 

    For user, you can do anything a not logged user can do. In addition to that, at restaurant review page, you can review a restaurant and add a restaurant to your favourite.
    However, you can only review once, but you can resubmit your review anytime. 

    If you click on your profile picture or username on navigator bar at any page, it would bring you to user page. On this page, you can read your reviews, your favourite restaurants, and 
    edit your profile here. 
    
    Each page of your reviews or favourites will show 3 restaurants and you can go to next or before by click the button at down-right corner. You can also sort the restaurants by click the sort in up-right corner, and you can sort them by name, rate, and price. 
    
    If you want to see the corresponding restaurant of your favourite or the one you wrote reviews, you can click the restaurant or the review to jump to the review page.


* For admin:
      username: admin
      password: admin
      
      For admin, after you log in, you would be directed to admin account page and this is the view of admin. The admin can't go to pages other than the admin account page because he can access all the information and do all his jobs here. 
      1. He can ban/recover users. When a user is banned, he is restricted to log in his account.  
        - if a normal user get banned, he can't go to his user page, edit his profile, read his favourite list, add/delete a favourite restaurant, read his reviews, review a restaurant and edit the existing reviews. 
        - if a restaurant owner get banned, he can't access to his restaurant page which means he can't edit/add/delete restaurants, and edit user profile.
        - notice that if a user is banned that he can't log in, he is not supposed perform the operations above, but for safety reasons, we still check the status of the user before doing these operations. 
      2. He can delete reviews. After deleting reviews, the rating, price of the corresponding restaurant would be recalculate.
      3. He can remove restaurants as well. After deleting, the system automatically removes all reviews under the restaurant and remove the restaurant from users' favourite lists. 
      
* For restaurant user:
      username: user2
      password: user2

      1.For user2, you will login to the restaurant account page that you can view all your restaurants at main page, each page will show 3 restaurants and you can go to next or before by click the button at down-right corner. You can also sort the restaurants by click the sort in up-right corner. If you want to see all reviews of a restaurant, you can click the picture to jump to the reviewpage.
      2.You can edit restaurants or remove them by click the buttons in each restaurant content. If you want to add a new restaurant, you can do so by click the button at top-left corner. By clicking 'add new' or 'edit' button, you will enter restaurant editing page that you can edit all information of your restaurant. When you edit address, we have GOOGLE API to help you get the correct address.  By clicking save to submit or cancel to exist back to review page. For editing, if you do not choose a new restaurant image, then your image will not be changed.
      3.The setting page of user2 is pretty same as setting page of user that you edit all your information.
      4.For all these three pages, you can click log out at top right corner to go back to index page. Since user2 is a restaurant owner account, it cannot go to pages other than his restaurant account pages.
